c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\MoveCarHackathonEdition.exe.config
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\MoveCarHackathonEdition.exe
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\MoveCarHackathonEdition.pdb
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.dll
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.dll
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Quartz.dll
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Twilio.dll
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.pdb
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.xml
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.xml
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Dapper.xml
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Quartz.pdb
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Quartz.xml
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Twilio.xml
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\obj\Debug\MoveCarHackathonEdition.exe
c:\users\amery\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\obj\Debug\MoveCarHackathonEdition.pdb
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\MoveCarHackathonEdition.exe.config
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\obj\Debug\MoveCarHackathonEdition.exe
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\obj\Debug\MoveCarHackathonEdition.pdb
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\MoveCarHackathonEdition.exe
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\MoveCarHackathonEdition.pdb
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.dll
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Quartz.dll
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Twilio.dll
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.xml
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Dapper.xml
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Quartz.pdb
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Quartz.xml
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\bin\Debug\Twilio.xml
C:\Users\amery\Documents\GitHub\MoveCarHackathonEdition\MoveCarHackathonEdition\obj\Debug\MoveCarHackathonEdition.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
